So now let's talk about AWS Amplify
and it's a complicated service,
but at its core I want you to think of it
as a web and mobile application development tool.
So this Amplify will basically allow you to integrate a lot
of the stack of AWS into one place
to build your web and mobile applications.
So you're a developer,
and you know you wanna do a lot of things.
You wanna first create backends.
So you're going to use the Amplify CLI
to create an Amplify Backend.
And this backend is going to internally use a lot
of resources from AWS that we know.
Amazon S3 for data storage,
Amazon Cognito for identity,
AppSync for APIs,
API Gateway for APIs as well,
StageMaker for machine learning,
Lex for text detection,
Lambda for functions data service,
DynamoDB for data and so on.
And so the idea is that thanks to Amplify,
we have one place to configure authentication, storage,
API will be REST API or GraphQL API,
CI/CD, PubSub, Analytics,
AI/ML predictions, monitoring, and so on.
Then you connect your code.
It could be from anywhere from GitHub,
from CodeCommit on AWS or Bitbucket, GitLab,
or you can upload your code directly.
And so you would go ahead
you integrate all these backend services directly
from within Amplify.
Then you add the Amplify Frontend Libraries
to connect to your Amplify Backend.
And so you have Frontend Libraries for web applications,
mobile applications, as well as many, many frameworks.
And finally, when you're ready,
you're going to deploy using the Amplify Console
to Amplify itself and Amazon CloudFront
for your web or mobile application to be available.
Now they may seem like a lot
but I want you to think as Amplify
as the Elastic Beanstalk for web and mobile applications.
It's just a high level overview, but you need to see
that it allows you to integrate all these things of AWS
into one place, to have a one stop shop for developers
to create web and mobile applications.
All right, that's it for this overview,
I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.